feat: React Native performance and measurements (#4082)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-config/react-native.mdx

});
```

Once this is done, all unhandled exceptions will be automatically captured by Sentry. You can also perform the following optional steps:

### Wrap your app

> You should wrap your app with Sentry to automatically instrument your app with [touch event tracking](/platforms/react-native/touchevents/) and [automatic performance monitoring](/platforms/react-native/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation/):

Reviewer: Is this something that's ideal for the user to do something they must do for the performance features to work?

```javascript {filename:App.js}
export default Sentry.wrap(App);
```

### Enable Performance Monitoring

> You should also enable [performance monitoring](/platforms/react-native/performance/) so Sentry can monitor your app's performance.

Reviewer: I'm not good at being cute, lol. How about something a bit more boring.

```suggestion
Learn how to enable Sentry's [performance monitoring](/platforms/react-native/performance/) in your SDK to help you track your application performance, measuring metrics like throughput and latency.
```
